Updating collector documentation (#5)
intelie/gitbook-drilling: collector/remote-control/object-explorer.md

# Requests

> When source has mode client, there is a tab called `Object Explorer` on source modal. In this feature, the witsml tree, showing available objects, can be requested from remote control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once a WITSML source is configured in client mode, a tab called `Object Explorer` will display at the source details. This feature lists the WITSML objects tree and accelerate the user to configure the requests to be made by the remote control.

Alternatively, the user can configure WITSML requests in a more advanced mode with wildcards support against object ID and names at the `Requests` tab. See [WITSML Requests](./witsml-requests.md) for more details.
```

> # Requests

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Object Explorer
```
